Napoleon
Hitler
Stalin
Atilla
Nobunaga
Vlad Tepes
Jesus

1. The wheels of the train go 'round and 'round 				--> 	hitler
2. Pingpingpong harakiri							--> 	nobunaga
3. I failed in Russia								-->	stalin
4. I shall make a beautiful forest of thee					-->	vlad the impaler
5. Some call me Mohammed, some call me Santa Claus, but you may call me...	-->	jesus
6. I prefer horses over women.							-->	Atilla
7. I am almost as tall as a baguette						--> 	Napoleon

1. My mutter said that the only thing bigger than my heart is my ambition 	--> 	hitler
2. I won't ever dishonor you.							--> 	nobunaga
3. I prefer a starving population over admitting that communism may or 
may not be the most ideal system						-->	stalin
4. I prefer large wooden sticks over women.					-->	vlad the impaler
5. lemme build ma church on you.						-->	jesus
6. The only buildings I like are the ones which are burning			-->	Atilla
7. Look I knew Russia would be cold, but geez I am freezing			--> 	Napoleon

1. Oh you seem to be dirty, let me cleanse you					--> 	hitler
2. I dislike but yet admire anime						--> 	nobunaga
3. I am not a tyrant, I simply relocate human recources to the far 
eastern part of the country so I can use them for involuntary but 
patriotic labour.								-->	stalin
4. If only it would be legal to impale an entire country 			-->	vlad the impaler
5. They nailed it									-->	jesus
6. I am the leader because I have the biggest horse				-->	Atilla
7. Guys lemme be emperor again I know it didn't go all smoothly 
previously but I promise I'll do better this time				--> 	Napoleon

Welcome to the history museum. According to the new law, all visitors must have a basic knowledge of the themes displayed inside.
We will give you a quick preview of our greatest pride: the military exhibition. Study these sources of wisdom well, as you will
have to pass a quiz before you may enter. Good luck!

This person was a democatricly elected chancellor of Germany from 1933 to 1945. He led his country through a war which kind of backfired.
He is remembered for being an evil dictator, but he did build nice roads all around Europe so he couldn't be that bad right?

This person was the Emperor of France after the Revolution. He build an empire in Europe, dissolved countless countries and invaded Russia.
He might have been small, but he was just trying to compensate his greatness with his length.

This person was the Count of Wallachia. He defied the Ottoman Invasion by impaling their entire army. He even build a forest around his town
using these soldiers. He is the inspiration for Dracula.

This person was the respected and Surpreme Leader of the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics. He industrialized the country, defied the German invader
and flipped off the USA (multiple times). He is remembered for being an evil tyrant, who deported entire populations to Siberia for forced labour.
There were also one or two famines during his rule.

This person was the daddy of the Goths, litteraly as his name means little father. He set in motion the largest mass immigration in history using only his sword,
his golden hair, his horse and his 1.000.000 friends using similar weapons. He burned down multiple towns and almost never got off his horse.

This person lived in the capital of Israstina. He is known for estabilishing a particulary big religion which at one point conquered like 3/4 of the world.
He was nailed to a cross and died there. He was still virgin by then.

This person was a samurai. He united Japan (by force) and was very happy of his accomplishment, but the moment he almost succeeded in uniting the land of the rising sun
he was stabbed in the back and died.